PROJ-149 - Added goal zone package to where we introduce goal zones in sprint 3 in the report. (#85)
SW805F20/report: sections/sprint-3/goal-position-generation.tex

This is done to make it easier to apply the mesh which is the visual component in Unity that renders the goal zone so that the players can actually see it.
The mesh can only be rendered in triangles and the mesh is only visible from one direction, meaning if you see the mesh from the back it will be invisible.
Because of this, each goal zone has to be split up in two triangles that together create a square, and the corners of the triangles need to be in the correct order or the goal zone can not be seen from the players' perspective.

\subsection{Goal zone package}
To support goal zone generation on server-side we introduced a new package that can be seen on \autoref{tab:goal-zone}.

> To create the goal zone on the client side the center position is needed, which is the POSY and POSX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create the goal zone on the client side the center position is needed, which is the \texttt{POSY} and \texttt{POSX}.
```

> We need this to be 16 bit, as 8 bit would only allow us to give a coordinate ranging from $0$ to $2^8 -1$.
> With 16 bit the playing this coordinate can range from $0$ to $2^{16}-1$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We need this to be 16 bit, as 8 bit would only allow us to give a coordinate ranging from $0$ to $2^8 -1$, whereas 16 bit will increase the range to $0$ to $2^{16}-1$.
```
